I did not choose to use either of make_parser or make_matcher for the other 
because the recursive choices I made for make_matcher were different than
 the ones that were necessary for make_matcher. Make_matcher recursed
 in a preorder pattern that was not the breadth-first search way of recursing
 in make_parser. In make_parser, one had to traverse level by level but the
 matching for make_matcher caused it to go down deep first before 
matching the next and I couldn’t find a way to consolidate the 
ways together. Therefore I chose to write the two separately 
with some recursive similarities that ended with how I processed the 
output of the recursion. They differed in the fact that I tried to return a list 
of visited nodes in make_parser and just the empty acceptor for 
make_matcher.
Make_matcher was done in a depth-first search approach. It modeled 
the deep depth first search and used the hint given in class to use and
and or matchers. The or matcher takes the input grammars and 
essentially checks if you can go down any of the specified levels. Oring
together multiple outputs of functions in one level, 
would check each of the list items to see if that particular expansion is 
a plausible expansion. If any of the list item expansions return a good 
result, we have a hit and return that result. Otherwise we continue 
down the list. The and matcher on the other hand, checks individual
lists in the list of lists, e.g [N Term; N Binop; N Expr]. Essentially, 
the or matcher returns the parse tree while the and matcher ands 
multiple branch trees together to give back to the and tree.
Make_parser on the other hand, recurses using preorder to return 
a list of elements for that tree. This is a list of preorders so every
branch rules that we hit gets added to a list of list. After we get this
preorder list of elements, we can process it knowing the fact that all
elements in that list are going to be used. This takes away the 
complexity of checking for edge cases. We essentially build the Nodes
and Leafs from this list using a breadth first search recursion line by line.
The parse_tree building essentially stores a remaining list and the list 
tuples of nodes. Each time we go horizontal or vertical, we would update
that list so that we don't traverse over the already visited elements again.
The rest is essentially going horizontal first to add all of the elements
whilst going vertical for each of the individual nodes and appending them
as Nodes or Leafs depending on the terminality or non-terminality of 
the node in question.  
The biggest difference that force me to implement make_parser and 
make_matcher separately is because of the difference in accessing the nodes.
I couldn't figure out a way to perform make_matcher without depth first 
search and I couldn't figure out a way to perform make_parser with 
depth first search. Therefore, I chose to write them differently and as 
such, since breadth first and depth first are completely different 
algorithms, I chose to use them to make sure make_parser, and
make_matcher would be differently implemented. 
A huge weakness to my code was the fact that it is very possible for the
grammar to go into an infinite loop. For example if the grammar is in the
form   
(Sentence,
   function
     | Sentence ->
         [[N Sentence; N VPhrase]]
this will cause the function to go into an infinite loop and there is no
way in my code to check for this edge case and break the loop immediately.
